Add documentation for JEP-235 (#4789)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/security/controller-isolation.adoc

So while not building on the built-in node is a good general practice to protect from bugs and less sophisticated attackers, an agent process taken over by a malicious user would still be able to obtain data or execute commands on the Jenkins controller.
To prevent this, the Agent &rarr; Controller Access Control system prevents agent processes from being able to send malicious commands to the Jenkins controller.

// TODO Also mention first LTS once it's known
This system is always enabled since Jenkins 2.326 (see link:jep-235[Agent &rarr; Controller Security Changes in 2.326]).
In Jenkins 2.325 and earlier, it is enabled by default, but can be disabled in the web UI by un-checking the box on the _Manage Jenkins » Configure Global Security_ page.

> IMPORTANT: It is strongly recommended not to disable the Agent &rarr; Controller Access Control system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: It is strongly recommended that you not disable the Agent &rarr; Controller Access Control system.
```

image::security/configure-global-security-agent-controller-toggle.png["Configure Global Security - Enable Agent => Controller Access Control", role=center]

> As an alternative to disabling Agent &rarr; Controller Access Control, administrators can selectively allow greater access in Jenkins 2.325 and earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative to disabling Agent &rarr; Controller Access Control,  in Jenkins 2.325 and earlie, administrators can selectively allow greater access.
```
